Change default of the strict boundaries setting to true (#555)
Ekumen-OS/beluga: beluga_amcl/docs/ros2-reference.md

| `beam_skip_distance` | Maximum distance to an obstacle to consider that a beam coincides with the map. Beluga AMCL does not support beam skipping. | ✅ |  |  |
| `beam_skip_threshold` | Minimum percentage of particles for which a particular beam must match the map to not be skipped. Beluga AMCL does not support beam skipping. | ✅ |  |  |
| `beam_skip_error_threshold` | Maximum percentage of skipped beams. Too many skipped beams trigger a full update to recover in case of bad convergence. Beluga AMCL does not support beam skipping. | ✅ |  |  |
| `model_unknown_space` | Whether to model unknown space or assume it free. Default is `false`. |  | ✅ |  |

> | `likelihood_from_strict_obstacle_edges` | Whether to regard inner obstacle cells as unknown space when calculating the likelihood field. Default is `true`. |  | ✅ |  |

Reviewer: @glpuga @LaBruma nit²:
```suggestion
| `only_obstacle_boundaries` | Whether to treat inner obstacle cells as unknown space, particularly when calculating likelihood fields. Default is `true`. |  | ✅ |  |
```

Reviewer 2: We can change (again) the name of the parameter. I think it makes sense to call it `only_obstacle_boundaries`. Beside this, I'm not being unable to merge, is that only due to the failure of codecov?

Reviewer: I think all conversations need to be resolved to merge. Feel free to resolve this.
